This case is not that simple
There must be something wrong
Um, can I say something about that?
Cui Yan is suing you, which in itself increases exposure
Plus Lan Kexin, he's a star
Isn't that the end?
So you mean they have a grudge, right?
I suspected he was the one who broke our news to his wife
So it is.
Thieves hate today
Didn't you hear?
Transfer the account and show your love
They have a grudge
It won't really die together.
So what's going on?
Even if they have a grudge
They are all defendants
And you are the plaintiff's attorney
I don't care. We have to find out.
My client may have been pressured and taken advantage of. They are husband and wife anyway
What happened to the couple?
Where are the car keys?
Hey
Sure enough, the whole body is anti-bone
Don't do what you have to do
Where is it?
Otherwise, I'll drive you
Ok, me too.
Excuse me.
Can't sit on the bike?
You are an intern
Drive such a nice car
Borrow it from a friend
Ah!
Borrowing luxury cars to pick up girls?
Just like you, you still go to graduate school
Don't think about it, stay for a few days and get out
Kinmen won't keep people like you
Hey what are you doing